to Turkey now where president reab T
erdogan says his country could intervene
in Israel's war on Gaza he was speaking
to members of his party on Sunday
erdogan made references to the 2020
conflict in Libya when turkey sent
troops to support the government He also
mentioned last year's operation when
turkey's Ally aeran took control of the
nagoro kabak region erdogan says turkey
could do something similar in Israel but
didn't elaborate
we need to be very strong so that Israel
cannot do these ridiculous things to
Palestine just as we entered kabak just
as we entered Libya we can do something
similar to them there is no reason for
us not to we only have to be strong so
that we can take these
steps well let's bring in our
correspondent Sim coolu she's joining us
live from Istanbul s what are turkey's
options here
Elizabeth first let me underline that
we're a bit Lost in Translation in this
topic because many International media
Outlets have translated aon's uh uh
Speech as if he said we can do the same
in Israel so I have to underline that he
he he gave the uh Turkish Military
Support in the kabah and Libya Wars as
the reference which were no boots on the
ground strategy for turkey this is very
important because uh turkey has many
military involvements like military
operations that uh it has conducted
since 19 uh
2019 uh in Northern Syria like the
operation in afine and other places and
those those were on the ground
operations Turkish military were
involved along with the Syrian
opposition H fighter groups but here
he's talking about uh another example
where a Turkish Army was involved in
technology terms with its armed drones
but no boots on the ground but Turkish
military supported the paramilitary
groups on the ground in Libya and the
azaran military in nagoro caraba so
that's first what we have to underline
uh we understand that he's trying to
mean he can he has the strength H power
to do the same thing for Gaza uh
supporting the uh groups on the ground
uh in Gaza this is at least what we
understand but of course this speech by
uan uh I don't think that it was made by
a coincidence I don't think that he was
uh trying to he he was trying to mean
something else but he was trying to show
that turkey wants to be involved also
politically uh uh in the solution for
Gaza because we have seen uh Beijing uh
mediated between the Palestinian Union
groups and there was an agreement that
uh the mahammed abas would be recognized
his group would be recognized as the
sole leader of the Palestinians but now
we are seeing that erogan is saying
Mahmud abas hasn't responded to his
request uh to his invitation to come and
speak in the Turkish Parliament we
understand that erog wants to turn a new
page uh on this debate and wants to be
involved in the political solution
process uh for the uh post war in Gaza
back to you all right s thank you for
that that's s kolu live in
Istanbul make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler